bored of boxing for 62 years first as a
fighter and then as a Hall of Fame
trainer after producing 22 world
champions
Eddie Futch has retired leaving his spot
in the corner of the Ring fudge trained
some of the greatest to step into the
squared circle his first champion
welterweight Don Jordan others to
succeed other fudges influence were
Alexis argüello Bob Foster Michael
Spinks
and Larry Holmes it was the genius of
fudge that was responsible for Muhammad
Ali's first two losses one of those
coming at the hands of former
heavyweight champion Ken Norton
it was fudge who told Norton in March of
1973 when Ali jabs jab back that
strategy won Norton a 12-round decision
and the heavyweight championship of the
world Ali's first loss came at the hands
of smokin Joe Frazier during Ali's exile
from the sport fudge guided Frazier to
the heavyweight title and then on March
8th of 1971 came the first in the Ali
Frazier trilogy the fight of the century
at Madison Square Garden
fudge his strategy back alley into the
ropes work the body then the head follow
Ali's right uppercuts with left hooks
worked Frazier won a 15-round decision
and retained his title budges most
memorable moment in the ring may have
come in defeat Ali Frazier 3 the Thrilla
in Manilla this time it was for Ali's
title after 14 brutal rounds it was
fudge now serving his Frazier's manager
and trainer who made what many believed
to be his toughest decision ever not
sending Frazier out for the 15th and
final round
they've taken punches he didn't even see
because he's fired I was completely come
on a lot of people have tried to tell
him that I shouldn't have stopped by it
wasn't difficult for me some people
might think that that's a that's not
true
and the fight that Ring Magazine calls
the greatest of the past 75 years was
over Ali was still the champion outside
of the ring
fudge his most memorable moment came
when Ring Magazine named him best
trainer over the past 75 years and who
else to present him with the award then
his protege Ken Norton one man I'd say
four dates are talking is that he
trained me for possibly four or five
years and then that time I learned more
then 90 Pryor I have to put my career
anybody's ahead of a man half a turn
he's very strict and now I'm losing you
and older than you almost
I'm a baby back foot make me run so much
he will always be the gentle genius in
the corner of the Ring a corner that
will never again be the same big fights
boxing hour will return after this